zoom is gotta go zoom is gotta go please
me the beautiful Deepika Thank You
Johnny joke to China victim Maya concept
Indian cinema me you know it's like an
indo-chinese crossover film too yeah so
I mean do you agree with that with you
first of all I wouldn't like to believe
that Chandni Chowk To China is a
crossover film I think several attempts
have been made by Indians or by
foreigners to make so called crossover
films but some word I don't think we've
been able to reach or target the kind of
audience that we want I'd like to
believe that Charlie talk to China is an
international love film it's an Indian
international film yes the medium is a
Hindi but we've also made sure that the
film looks like an international film
and we have subtitles and in English and
in Chinese and so that people all over
the world understand the cinema that
we're making and I think we've got one
of Brothers which has played a huge part
in making this an international project
and the fact that Nikhil has the
sensibilities of taking Indian cinema to
that level this thing that is one of the
only things Great Wall of China which
can be seen from outer space so where
you notice by aliens and stuff I'm sure
they look like aliens from do the aliens
because I look in the film is a very
exciting and something extremely new
something that's not been done before
I'm sure you've seen the promos and
there's my Indian you go look and then
there's the Chinese look which we took
quite long to crack because trying to
make an Indian girl a South Indian girl
like me who has big eyes trying to make
me look Chinese with slender eyes was a
task but we after several look tests we
managed to get the look right and so I I
hope the aliens watch the film as well
but you had to put sellotape on your
eyes and make aliyah docked in a cupola
and I can make oh yeah oh that was
actually an initial requirement we were
wondering how to get my eyes stretched
out but I don't think I would have
survived that because for eight hours or
12 hours a day when you're
thing to have tapes to stretch your eyes
out and the tape actually goes behind
your head so it's actually stretching
your eyes out completely and I wasn't
too sure about that myself and then when
I got went and checked with the doctor
he said that's definitely something I
shouldn't be doing but fortunately we
got Malika but who's done my look in the
entire my makeup in the entire film and
I'm glad that she got this technique of
eyeliner right and I think somewhere now
I'm associated with eyeliner because in
ohm shanthi oh my every Indian eyeliner
now have the Chinese eyeliners op Niko
food training B Korean martial arts
you've done some special modulus Oh am I
not supposed to ask certain questions no
I trained in jiu-jitsu jiu-jitsu is a
form of martial art and I was trained in
that by my Indian trainers before my
Chinese trainers came down to train me
we got the international action master
called Dee Dee was based from in Hong
Kong he came down to train me for a
couple of months and actually actually
trained on wires because that's actually
something very difficult to do to
actually do cables or to actually to
action when you're up on cables and that
took a lot of my energy out because it's
something that I've although I was an
athlete it's something that I've never
done before and something that I was not
used to but they made it as easy as they
could for me and I'm glad I did all that
rehearsal before we actually went to
shoot because we were shooting in China
and the climatic conditions there were
not very good China that point was going
through a cold wave so in the middle of
that we reached China and we have to do
all these action all the action
choreography over there which was quite
difficult but I'm glad that I'd
rehearsed it
okay co-star of Shetty who is a trained
martial you know art hero on Capuchin
poodles
well option I have a very interesting
fight sequence in the entire film and I
think out of all the days I was most
nervous on that day because like you
said he someone who was the master of of
action and we had these real swords in
our hand and we have a full fight
sequence together and although I had
learned what I was supposed to do the
minute I saw him in his full
this world i feel like--okay from the i
couldn't i couldn't be there anymore but
that's when he he called me and he said
you know there's no you shouldn't get
tensed and be all nervous you have to
relax your body and treat it like a
dance and that's exactly what we did we
rehearsed it a couple of times and I
think we've got a fabulous take Akshay
Kumar it project me and keep involvement
in the total appear like he takes over
the project indirect said he advises
people and you know he actually becomes
like a captain of the ship so was that
helpful to you yes definitely because he
someone who's been in the industry for
so many years for over 15 years so I'm
sure he knows what what suits him best
and what works best for the entire film
and I'm someone who's who's absolutely
new and most definitely open to
suggestions and ideas and I'm sure when
he when he suggests something to a
director or to to his co-star I'm sure
he he means it for the best for the film
and at the end of the day that's what
we're all working for and yes I have
managed to learn a lot from him Nikhil
Advani cut chance there to you know
redeem himself because he got a lot of
criticism for a movie which he made well
salamé ish and he's a good filmmaker so
like he must have also given 100% right
absolutely and I think an action film
and a an action comedy film is what I'd
like to call it is something that I
think Nikhil was always a very excited
about doing so he's put more than 100%
into this project we've been shooting
for this project for quite some time so
I'm sure he's done a whole lot of
homework before we actually started he
was very sure about the look that he
wanted in the film because I have a
double role and he wanted the two looks
to be all the way twins he wanted both
he looks to be completely different from
each other and he was very sure of what
he wanted APNIC consciously strip' I had
to be you know the Indian girl the
proper amigo so basically that's been an
image it's been pretty tonight you did a
Western look also but Kirby is may
nowadays challenge well
in chandni chowk to china yep when I say
that I'm playing an Indian girl I don't
mean Indian in terms of Indian attire
she is the Indian girl or rather she's
the she's the twin who is left behind in
India so she's born and brought up in
India but not necessarily dressed in
Indian clothes and she's someone who's
always wearing makeup and always dolled
up and always dressed up whereas the
other character is is my action
characters over there we've tried to go
more with leather clothes and cat suits
and try and give it a more Western and
athletic feel to the character